Replace second python lambda by text (#405)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: talk/morelanguage/lambda.tex

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitlecpp[11]{Capturing variables}
  \begin{block}{Adaptable lambdas}
    \begin{itemize}

>       \item we can adapt a lambda's behavior
>       \item by accessing variables outside its body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item We can adapt a lambda's behaviour by accessing variables outside its body
      \item This is called ``capture''
```
